The bone marrow was obviously given to my father by me
Who was that? I just had surgery.
Unplug everything from me when I'm weak
Want to kill me
Don't talk nonsense
Ah!
Wu Sui is obviously Xiao Li's
Don't think you're great now
We will believe that you are a little king of Xiaoli
I didn't say
I'm asking any of you to believe me.
Just have a clear conscience
If you dare to walk out this door
Don't come back with me again
I will never bother
I also beg you not to disturb me
Xiao Can Xiao Can
I can't believe you would be so cruel
Watch us go bankrupt
Living on the street
These are your business
Besides, doesn't Mr. Jiang have your three children?
Even the day he was down
You three go to a random class
Rent a small house
Don't end up on the street
Ah!
You villain
Hello
What!